[ML] adding multi-field limitation for inference + analytics (#920)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/dfanalytics-limitations.asciidoc

feature importance, using a smaller {transform}, setting 
{ref}/put-dfanalytics.html#ml-hyperparam-optimization[hyperparameter] values, or 
only selecting fields that are relevant for analysis.

[float]
[[dfa-inference-multi-field]]
=== Analytics training on multi-field values may affect {infer}

> {dfanalytics-jobs-cap} will dynamically select the best field when multi-field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{dfanalytics-jobs-cap} dynamically select the best field when multi-field
```

> values are included. This means that if a multi-field `foo` is included for training,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values are included. For example, if a multi-field `foo` is included for training,
```

> the `foo.keyword` is actually used instead. This poses a complication for {infer} with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `foo.keyword` is actually used. This poses a complication for {infer} with
```

the inference processor. Documents supplied to ingest pipelines are not mapped. Consequently,
only the field `foo` is present. This means that a model trained with the field `foo.keyword`

> will not take the field `foo` into account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
does not take the field `foo` into account.
```
